stop murdering innocent people 2third of
the people who have been killed the over
32,000 people have in killed on are
women and children uh this is
inexcusable and we're talking about 70%
of the housing units in Gaza that have
been destroyed or damaged it is horrible
it is inexcusable and it's got to end
right now and the United States cannot
continue to be complicit in the horror
that is taking place there Israel does
not have the right to kill to create a
situation where they're stopping
humanitarian aid from getting in the
result of his children are starving to
death right now do we want to be
complicit in that the answer in my view
is most Americans and what the polling
shows us most Americans do not want to
be
complicit